Add docs about issues on UPI with Kuryr (#4649)
openshift/installer: docs/user/openstack/known-issues.md

control plane replicas only. Add more nodes as a day-2 operation by assigning
them a new Server group with "anti-affinity" policy. Use the `ServerGroupID`
property of the Machine ProviderSpec.

## Requirement to create Control Plane Machines manifests (Kuryr SDN)

Installations with Kuryr SDN can timeout due to changes in the way Kuryr detects
the OpenStack Subnet used by the cluster's nodes. Kuryr relied on the Network of
the cluster's nodes Subnet having a specific tag, but the tag was removed causing

> the need to the discover it from the OpenShift Machine objects, which the creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the need to discover it from the OpenShift Machine objects, which the creation
```

> is removed on one of the UPI steps. As a workaround, only the control plane machine
> manifests should **not** be removed in the [Remove machines and machinesets][manifests-removal]

Reviewer: This is hard to read, I suggest you reverse this to point what should be removed, instead of what should not.
```suggestion
is removed on one of the UPI steps. As a workaround, only the compute machine
manifests should be removed in the [Remove machines and machinesets][manifests-removal]
```

Reviewer 2: +1!
